docs: GCP secrets resource locations (#1717)
seqeralabs/docs: platform-enterprise_docs/troubleshooting_and_faqs/nextflow.md

Because the default for Spot retries is now zero, you must enable a retry strategy for Nextflow to handle reclaimed Spot instances automatically. For more information, see [manage Spot interruptions](../tutorials/retry-strategy).

## Pipeline secret creation fails under a Google Cloud resource location policy

In Google Cloud projects that enforce a resource location policy, launching a pipeline with a pipeline secret attached fails before any task starts. This affects Google Batch and Google Cloud compute environments. The error is similar to:

```
Unable to store pipeline secret 'my_secret' - Reason: io.grpc.StatusRuntimeException:
FAILED_PRECONDITION: Constraint constraints/gcp.resourceLocations violated for
[orgpolicy:projects/123456789012] attempting to create a secret in [global].
```

> This issue occurs because Seqera Platform creates pipeline secrets in Google Secret Manager with automatic replication, which stores the secret in the `global` location. If the [`constraints/gcp.resourceLocations`](https://cloud.google.com/resource-manager/docs/organization-policy/defining-locations) organization policy does not permit the `global` location, Google rejects the secret and the run cannot launch. The compute environment's location setting has no effect on where the secret is stored.

Reviewer: Should there be a mention of this behaviour being fixed in an upcoming version v26.2? Or say this was the behaviour until version v26.1, like in the above item was say a given behaviour was true until Nextflow version 24.10?

Reviewer 2: Yes I would alter this to say something like 'until Platform verison 26.1, this issue occurs...'. and finish the paragraph by saying 'This issue is resolved in Platform v26.2'

Author: ````suggestion
## Pipeline secret creation fails under a Google Cloud resource location policy

In Platform v26.1 and earlier, launching a pipeline with a pipeline secret attached fails before any task starts in Google Cloud projects that enforce a resource location policy. This affects Google Batch and Google Cloud compute environments. The error is similar to:

```
Unable to store pipeline secret 'my_secret' - Reason: io.grpc.StatusRuntimeException:
FAILED_PRECONDITION: Constraint constraints/gcp.resourceLocations violated for
[orgpolicy:projects/123456789012] attempting to create a secret in [global].
```

This issue occurs because Platform v26.1 and earlier create pipeline secrets in Google Secret Manager with automatic replication, which stores the secret in the `global` location. If the [`constraints/gcp.resourceLocations`](https://cloud.google.com/resource-manager/docs/organization-policy/defining-locations) organization policy does not permit the `global` location, Google rejects the secret and the run cannot launch. The compute environment's location setting has no effect on where the secret is stored.

This issue is resolved in Platform v26.2, which creates pipeline secrets with user-managed regional replication instead of automatic replication.
````
